Are you mistaken?
This is Hyatt Group
How dare you speak nonsense here
I'm not mistaken.
I have my own way
You know, there's a lot of money in this room.
A technical genius.
More Management MBA
A problem that so many great people can't solve
Just you, the stinky delivery guy
You can't solve it
It's your incompetence
What a big breath
Where did the madman come from?
kick out
Wait, Mr. Yue
People at the bottom of society like him
There will be no such knowledge and vision
You seem confident.
Anyway, the so-called elites under you can't help it.
You're just waiting for the oath to evaporate
Why not give it a try?
And you must want to know what method I use
Then say it.
Drop your group's balance project
Dedicated to light projects
What Mr. Yue, this is too second-hand insurance
Enough is enough to sit still
Why don't we take the initiative
As long as I can save my menstrual efforts
I'm willing to give it a go